=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Test::NewVersion - provides a test interface for checking that you are using a new $VERSION

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your distribution's F<xt/release/new_version.t>:

    use Test::NewVersion;
    all_new_version_ok();

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides interfaces that check the PAUSE index for latest
C<$VERSION> of each module, to confirm that the version number(s) has been/have
been incremented.

This is helpful when you are managing your distribution's version manually,
where you might forget to increment the version before release.

It is permitted for a module to have no version number at all, but if it is
set, it must have been incremented from the previous value, as otherwise this case
would be indistinguishable from developer error (forgetting to increment the
version), which is what we're testing for.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 C<all_new_version_ok()>

Scans all F<.pm> and <.pod> files in F<blib> or F<lib>, calling
C<new_version_ok()> on each.

=head2 C<new_version_ok($filename)>

Tests against the PAUSE index for all C<package> and C<$VERSION> statements
found in the provided file.

=head1 SUPPORT

=for stopwords irc

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Test-NewVersion>
(or L<bug-Test-NewVersion@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Test-NewVersion@rt.cpan.org>).
I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::NewVersion>, from which this test module was adapted.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
